teamwork confidence drill what this does
is it allows them to work as a team
advancing a hose line and backing up
with a hose line and they have to talk
to each other while they're doing it so
you'll see them go forward not spring
water then they'll work spraying water
and get to a point shut it off and
they'll back up as a team and then
there's objects for them to not go for
at different positions but the biggest
thing is them working together as a team
so that
they can they speak and everything is
done in the same language so it so once
they get in the fire service everything
is done in the same same language and
same motions and everything and so this
is starting to prep them and teach them
for that so that they can go and fit in
anywhere and be able to do the skills
and not miss a beat have to be repaid at
every place they go there's a confidence
thing to keep them happy with what
they're doing and so that they know what
they're doing is right
started dancing
we've taken and covered our mast over
doing this this is an escape drill
thinking you get used to any kind of
entanglement or any any situation you're
in is I'm going to tell him it's time to
evacuate the building and Larkin is
taking a mask on and he's blocked out
and he has a pack on
he's going to make the key that it's
time to evacuate follow this hose line
all the way through this and get out
without picking the dirt pack off and
he's gonna do it blind so this is some
of the stuff we're doing regular fire
treating these kids have started to do
and adjusting well to it the top of this
the spacing on East simulate the spacing
in an attic like he's come up through an
attic this is the escape hatch that
simulated skate Pat's going down through
the attic and so he's going to bail out
his first down underneath this he's
going to come around and what happens is
once you get inside of a place you got
stuff to fall down and you get kind of
tight areas you have to get through so
the barrel over here simulates a tight
area brawls bruise he's gonna fit
through that with an air pack
go over here and this simulates a wall
without sheetrock on it just a normal
studying space he's gonna fit through
there with the air pack on in this
normal studied space
you